1. Algorithm: An algorithm is a set of rules or processes to follow while creating a computer program. 
Algorithms are the basis for the theory behind most computer programming. For example, how does Google determine which website should appear 
on their front page of search results? 
A Search Algorithm! When skeptics talk about coding bootcamps, they usually point out that bootcamp alumni aren’t algorithm aces. 
Will you learn about algorithms at a coding bootcamp? Sure. Will you know as much as a Computer Science major? Probably not.

2. ANGULAR.JS: Angular.js or Angular is an open-source JavaScript framework maintained by Google. 
It’s the A in MEAN Stack development. Expect to learn Angular.JS at a Full-stack JavaScript Bootcamp.

3. API: An API is an application programming interface with a set of routines, protocols, and tools for building software applications. 
API’s express software components in terms of their operations, inputs, outputs, and underlying types. 
For example, you may use a Google Maps API in your bootcamp final project in order to use existing geolocation infrastructure to create 
specialized maps.

4. BACK END: Backend development refers to the server side of development where the main focus is on how the site works.
This usually consists of three parts: a server, an application, and a database. 
Users can’t see the backend work, but code written by back end developers is what communicates the database information to the browser.

5. BOOTSTRAP (aka TWITTER BOOTSTRAP): Bootstrap is an intuitive and powerful front end framework that is an open-source collection of tools 
for creating websites and web applications.
It was developed by Mark Otto and Jacob Thornton of Twitter to encourage consistency across internal tools, and was originally named 
“Twitter Blueprint.”

6. BUILD: Build, also known as software build or code build, refers to the process by which source code is converted into a stand-alone form 
that can be run on a computer or the form itself. Builds are created once a certain point in development has been reached or the code is 
deemed ready for implementation for testing or release.

7. CODE REVIEW: A code review is the systematic examination of computer source code that is intended to find and fix mistakes originally 
overlooked. Students will learn and participate in code reviews at bootcamp to prepare for the types of code examinations that will commonly 
happen in job interviews or on the job.	

8. CODING: Coding is the act of computer programming or software development in a given coding or programming language.

9. CODING BOOTCAMP: Coding bootcamps are intensive, immersive instructor-led learning programs that teach beginners digital skills like 
Full-Stack Web Development, Data Science, Digital Marketing, and UX/UI Design. Bootcamps vary in length from 8 to 28 weeks, with the average 
bootcamp being about 10 weeks long.

10. CODING CHALLENGE: 
